Doc: Clarification of applying topology (#589)
aristanetworks/ansible-cvp: ansible_collections/arista/cvp/docs/modules/cv_container_v3.rst.md

> CloudVision Portal Configlet configuration requires a dictionary of

Reviewer: will need to change this, but first we need to fix the webdoc generation script

side. Module also supports to configure configlets at container level.
Returns number of created and/or deleted containers

> The module doesn't merge the existing container structure with the one
> specified in your playbook's topology; instead, it will try to remove
> unspecified containers from CVP. Existing containers are removed under
> two circumstances:
> 
> -   The container has no confliglets attached to it.
> -   Strict apply_mode is set (see below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the argument `apply_mode` set to `loose` the module will only add new containers.
When `apply_mode` is set to `strict` the module will try to remove
unspecified containers from CloudVision. This will fail if the container has configlets attached to it or devices are placed in the container.
```
